"You have a really good memory, my child. The driver said he found a document. You said your name is Sia, right?" the uncle laughed.
"Yes yes yes! Sia! Great! Thank God!" Sia was so excited, even more excited than when she first got her passport. She feels so lucky.
"This is really a lesson for you. He said he is about ten minutes away from here. Just wait a while."
Ten minutes, good! You still have time! Sia cried happily again.
After losing and recovering, Sia swears she made her way to the airport as fast as she could ever have. "I've never missed a flight in my life."
The staff member stared at her glasses, unable to believe that the girl recovered her passport in just 20 minutes as if by magic. Sia can't care about the expensive fare anymore, she doesn't want to risk her life here for another three days, not even a second. So, like a 100-meter hurdle athlete, Sia passed the security check and rushed to the boarding gate of the flight. As it turned out, a minute and a half later and Sia wouldn't have been able to get through the gate. She is now like a champion who crossed the line first, finally on the podium.
Sitting in the cramped seat of the plane, Sia couldn't calm down for a long time. In a short period of time, she has experienced too much.
It was supposed to be a peaceful trip, but Sia experienced a life-and-death struggle. She had never seen so many people with guns. Escaping, hiding in the closet, this kind of plot that only appears in horror movies can actually happen to me. After that, Alone found the bus stop. Of course, thanks to picking up that piece of paper. The sad thing is that I forgot all my documents in the car when I got off at the airport, which is so stupid. But, fortunately, my memory is not bad, and I still remember the license plate number. In the end, it was incredible that I was able to retrieve my documents at the last minute. Sia didn't know if she was really that lucky, or if she was really that unlucky. Now, Sia just wants to sleep on the plane and wake up to return to her hometown.
Thinking of this, Sia fell into a deep sleep after leaning against the window...
...
...
"!" Sia woke up, but couldn't open her eyes. You can feel it through your eyelids, the light outside is extremely strong. Sia struggled to open her eyes, and after struggling for a few seconds, the sight in front of her stunned Sia.
Sia was in the middle of the lake at the moment, and she could see blue ripples spreading from her feet, and the sky was like a blank sheet of paper. There was nothing around, no one, not even any place to stay.
The dreamlike scene overwhelmed Sia, and she couldn't find any direction on the vast lake. How to get out of here? Who can tell me?
Sia stood alone in the lake, without seeing anything below the surface of the lake except her own shadow. Sia seemed lost in this blue and pure white world. She looked at the lake again, at her own reflection.
Yeah, all this time, Sia seems to be keeping company with her own shadow. She felt that she could not fit into this world, this world that turned at clockwork. She always cares about other people's opinions, she doesn't understand why others can always get along with each other, but she is always the one who is isolated. Are you really that bad?
Suddenly, Sia felt a void under her feet, and she fell into the lake in an instant. She struggled in terror, but couldn't get out of the water. Her body seemed to be firmly grasped by an invisible hand, unable to move.
"Help," Sia yelled, but couldn't. At this moment, Sia seemed to have hundreds of chains wrapped around her body, and she was about to suffocate.
The lake poured mercilessly into Sia's mouth, and she was still waving her hands and feet wildly, as if tearing off those chains on her body. But it's useless, her body is still sinking, Sia's consciousness is getting more and more blurred...