Quickly picked up the fallen paper with the other hand and temporarily did not see any value. Sia carried her shoes and proceeded cautiously. She could see her house number, which was estimated to be only 20m. Sia felt so close to real life for the first time. Take a final look around. good! nobody! Sia tensed up, and she swore it was the lightest door she'd ever opened. With a quick turn, Sia moved from the abyss into the fountain of life. The room is not luxurious, but at the moment it looks luxuriant, and Sia is almost in tears. But it was too early to be happy, she closed the door, made sure all the lights were turned off, pulled down the curtains, found the phone as quickly as possible and hid in the closet. Panting heavily, Sia turned on her phone in an attempt to find some way to call for help. But the ominous premonition still happened. Obviously, there is no network or signal in this place. At this time, the mobile phone has become a flashlight that can only last for half an hour. Sia doesn't want to think so much for now, she just prays that she will not be found out.
Silence.
Endless silence.
How are the others? Are the men with the guns gone?
Will someone suddenly rush into the room to check?
Silence.
I don't know how long it took, maybe three hours, maybe six hours. But what is certain is that no one rushed in again, and of course, no one came to rescue. It's like a forgotten area.
The oppressive atmosphere made Sia feel uncomfortable all over, and she didn't want to curl up in the closet anymore. So she quietly crawled out of the closet, stood up and opened the curtains a little.
Dark.
Sia worked up the courage to open the door a little, and looked out of the room through the crack.
Eerie dark.
No one was there. Sia breathed a sigh of relief. They've obviously left and no one knows where the others will be taken or what will be done. Sia also knew very well that no one would come to rescue them.
After death.
Now, Sia just wants to go home, no matter the cost. First she needs to know where to catch the bus to the airport. But the most fatal problem is that Sia's phone still has no signal. At the moment, Sia's phone is just a brick, a piece of scrap metal. She paced back and forth. In just over an hour, the sun will rise. Sia wanted to get out of this ghost place as soon as it was dawn. She walked out of the hotel, but she couldn't recall which direction she came here from. Land, forest, stones. Every direction seems to be the same landscape. what to do? Are you walking around? Sia hesitated, she...